[Music]
all right hold on to your hats
scientists explain why Asians look so
cute yeah I admit it I know it sounds
weird to me too but apparently some
number of scientists not working to land
a man on Mars or find a cure for cancer
have some time to look into this matter
and it turns out it is very interesting
so off we go
beauty standards and perceptions of
attractiveness vary across cultures but
one thing is clear
being called cubed is something entirely
different
what does it mean to be cute is there a
scientific explanation why our brains
perceive some people is cute and others
as beautiful hot sexy and so on and
finally why does the Western world
mostly see Asians as the former instead
of the latter I'm sure you've got lots
of questions so stay tuned because we're
about to answer all of them with the
help of science but first and foremost
don't forget to subscribe to our Channel
and turn on post notifications so that
you don't miss any of our daily updates
okay kittens and puppies are cute right
and don't even get me started on panda
cubs or little piglets actually when it
comes down to it the babies of any
animal species are generally going to be
cuter than the adults and the same goes
for humans as for why we find babies so
darn cute it's mostly because of their
size small and helpless things trigger
an instinct to nurture and protect which
helps our species survive there are
other traits and babies that are brain
for whatever reason finds adorable they
have a disproportionate head to body
size and short limbs in fact if babies
were proportioned more like many adults
we probably wouldn't be as inclined to
COO at them they also have flatter more
rounded faces and of course smooth
hairless skin aging into childhood at
lessons young adulthood and finally
full-on adult mode means the loss of
these cute features our faces become
more angular the bridge of our nose
becomes more defined and we lose our
pinchable pudgy nuts as our muscles take
on more definition in our long limbs
however the retention of these baby-like
features into physical maturity is more
common for certain ethnicities East
Asian people that is Japanese Chinese
Korean Vietnamese Thai Taiwanese and
Singaporean just to name a few tend to
hold on to these features into adulthood
a phenomenon called neoteny studies have
found that Miatas faces are often
perceived as more social and feminine
whereas non jnanis faces are seen as
more intimidating neoteny is prominent
among East Asian ethnicities because of
a mutation that first appeared around
35,000 years ago in the gene known as
Eid are the Eid our gene controls the
development of our hair skin and teeth
this mutation causes people to have
thicker hair shafts more oil glands
which helps keep skin looking youthful
for longer and less breast tissue in
females over thousands of years a
preference to choose mates that exhibit
these features has resulted in a much
higher number of people with them so
basically about 93% of Han Chinese
people 70% of Japanese and Thai people
and 75% of Native Americans carry this
variation of the ER gene today the edr
mutation has also been linked to a
reduced presentation of sexual
dimorphism in the populations that carry
it sexual dimorphism is what makes males
and females of the same species look
different so less sexual dimorphism
means men with neoteny faces tend to
look more feminine and because European
and North American preferences are and
have been vastly different over
generations sexual dimorphism is higher
among these ethnicities there are
traditional masculine features like
broad shoulders and an
Euler face as well as feminine Watts
such as bodily curves that have
attracted members of the opposite sex
for enough generations to result in such
distinct features and a large number of
people who have them the recent surge in
the worldwide popularity of Korean pop
music abbreviated as kpop with groups
like BTS has put this cultural
difference in the spotlight
rather than exhibiting the sort of macho
features of Western standards of male
beauty sensational k-pop stars like
Jemaine have smooth faces slim bodies
and an overall feminine appearance but
she men and other k-pop stars aren't
just heartthrobs in South Korea
they've got armies of adoring fans all
across the globe some people are even
ready to turn to plastic surgery to
achieve the feminine features that k-pop
has shown can be very attractive in a
guy
perhaps something's changing and East
Asian standards of beauty are starting
to replace the Western ones who knows
maybe not too far off in the future the
Chi Minh's
will replace the Hemsworth's as the
leading male roles of major Hollywood
blockbusters after all male beauty comes
in all sorts of flavours and there are
lots of people who think we should see a
little more of that on the big screen
how about you of course this topic makes
for a great discussion so now it's your
turn what criteria do you think makes
someone cute as opposed to beautiful or
sexy let us know down in the comments
and remember everyone is entitled to
their own opinion so keep it respectful
down there if you found this video
interesting and informative give it a
like and share it with your friends hit
that subscribe button and stay with us
on the bright side of life
[Music]